Terms, conditions and privacy policy
We are a non-smoking hotel for reasons of health, safety and comfort for all of our guests. Guests who violate the policy and smoke in premises are subject to a minimum $400.00 charge for returning the room to smoke-free status and agree to being charged by accepting this policy. We appreciate your understanding.

All guest rooms are located on first floor, and there is no bellhop. Please pack accordingly.

We reserve the right to charge for any damage to or removal of items from the premises and/or unusual cleaning.
All photo shoots and filming are subject to advance approval by the owners. At least seven days advance written notice required prior to any personal or professional photo shoots. No closed door filming allowed. Additional fees apply. In other words, you may not simply reserve a room for a photo shoot or filming. This also applies to day of events such as weddings. A liaison designated by the Lion Inn & Suites will be assigned to monitor all photo shoots and filming. Please call us at 250-788-9990 for further details. A separate contract is required.

No hourly rates available. No cash accepted onsite.

Items left behind and requested to be mailed will incur a minimum charge of $10 and may take up to 30 days to receive. We apologize for any inconvenience. To avoid this, please be sure to thoroughly check your room for items that are of value to you prior to your departure.
Damaged or missing items from rooms post check out will be charged to your security deposit on file. These include but are not limited to remote controls, bathrobes, linens, pillows, mugs, room key, books, etc., Please inquire if you have any questions or concerns about this policy.

Payment Policy

There are GST and PST on top of room rent, no additional taxes, fees or hidden surcharges. Direct reservations are confirmed by payment of your 1st night in the case of a one or two night stay OR 50% of your total stay for three or more nights. This may appear as two separate charges on your statement in the case of three or more days. All other channels (e.g. booking.com, etc.) require full payment in advance. A $400 security deposit authorization is required at check in. A valid photo ID must be presented at time of check in along with the credit card used to reserve online. To adhere to proper card acceptance and validation norms defined by credit card associations, all hotels are required to pre-authorize - or separately, charge - all provided credit cards. A pre-authorization will place the pre-authorized amount in a holding-state and temporarily reduce one's credit card limit, but it is NOT a transaction charge and will not be reflected in one's credit card statement. Depending on one's credit card bank's set up, the pre-authorized amount will drop off typically after 14 days.

For assurance, Guests whose credit cards have been pre-authorized are encouraged to check with their respective credit card bank to:
Confirm the above understanding of pre-authorization;
Confirm that a pre-authorization - and NOT a charge - has been performed; and
Affirm the pre-authorized amount and when it will drop off as scheduled.

Cancellation Policy
If you booked your room through the third party agents, please call Expedia 1800-319-4724 or Booking .com 1866-492-3246 for cancellation.
For daily stay guests
Free cancellation fee for daily guests when notification is confirmed by 6pm day prior to check in.
Long term stay guests
If the guest ends his stay before the end of the booking period after check in, we deduct one day room cost for the administration fee, we refund the remaining time costs.